backup: refactor some docs for easier understanding (#12338)
pingcap/docs: br/br-pitr-guide.md

### Start log backup

> **Note:**
>

> > - The following examples assume that access key and secret key are used to authorize permissions. If IAM Role is used, you need to set `--send-credentials-to-tikv` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - The following examples assume that Amazon S3 access keys and secret keys are used to authorize permissions. If IAM roles are used to authorize permissions, you need to set `--send-credentials-to-tikv` to `false`.
```

> > - If other storage systems or authorization methods are used, adjust the parameter settings according to [Backup Storages](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - If other storage systems or authorization methods are used to authorize permissions, adjust the parameter settings according to [Backup Storages](/br/backup-and-restore-storages.md).
```
